RHDEVDOCS 6263 Release notes for Pipelines 1.16.1 (#84654)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-release-notes-1-16.adoc

* Before this update, when using {pac}, if your `.tekton` directory contained a pipeline that was not referenced by any `PipelineRun` definition triggered in the event, {pac} attempted to fetch all the required tasks for that pipeline even though it was not run. With this update, {pac} does not try to resolve pipelines that are not referenced in any pipeline run triggered by the current event.

[id="release-notes-1-16-1_{context}"]
== Release notes for {pipelines-title} General Availability 1.16.1

With this update, {pipelines-title} General Availability (GA) 1.16.1 is available on {OCP} 4.15 and later versions.

[id="fixed-issues-1-16-1_{context}"]
=== Fixed issues

* Before this update, in the *Pipelines overview* page of the web console, users that do not have access to all namespaces could select *All* in the *Projects* list. The console displayed wrong information for that selection, because the statistics for some of the namespaces were not available to the user. With this update, users who do not have access to all namespaces cannot select *All* in the *Projects* list.

> * Before this update, when you tried to used the web console to start a pipeline or task that defined a parameter of the type `array`, entering a value for this parameter resulted in an error and you could not start the pipeline or task. With this update, you can use the web console to start a pipeline or task that defines a parameter of the type `array` and entering a value for this parameter works normally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, when you tried to use the web console to start a pipeline or task that defined a parameter of the type `array`, entering a value for this parameter resulted in an error and you could not start the pipeline or task. With this update, you can use the web console to start a pipeline or task that defines a parameter of the type `array` and entering a value for this parameter works normally.
```

> * Before this update, when you used the web console to start a pipeline or task that defined a parameter of the type `array`, the web console reported an error when you entered the value for the parameter and you could not start the pipeline or task. With this update, you can use the web console to start a pipeline or task that defines a parameter of the type `array` and entering a value for this parameter works normally.

Reviewer 2: took a shot at rewording it for clarity. What do you think?
```suggestion
* Before this update, you could not use the web console to start a pipeline or task that defined a parameter of the type `array` and entering a value for this parameter resulted in an error. With this update, you can use the web console to start a pipeline or task that defines a parameter of the type `array` and entering a value for this parameter works normally.
```

> * Before this update, when you used the web console to start a pipeline or task that defined a parameter of the type `array`, the web console reported an error when yiou entered the value for the parameter and you could not start the pipeline or task. With this update, you can use the web console to start a pipeline or task that defines a parameter of the type `array` and entering a value for thsi parameter works normally.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Before this update, when you used the web console to start a pipeline or task that defined a parameter of the type `array`, the web console reported an error when you entered the value for the parameter and you could not start the pipeline or task. With this update, you can use the web console to start a pipeline or task that defines a parameter of the type `array` and entering a value for this parameter works normally.
```

* Before this update, when using {pac} with a Bitbucket Git repository, the {pac} controller sometimes crashed and a `panic: runtime error: invalid memory address or nil pointer dereference` message was logged. With this update, the {pac} controller does not crash.

* Before this update, when using {tekton-results}, the `tekton-results-watcher` pod sometimes crashed and a `panic: runtime error: invalid memory address or nil pointer dereference` message was logged. With this update, the `tekton-results-watcher` pod does not crash.

* Before this update, when using {tekton-results}, if you enabled authentication in {tekton-results}, you could not view information from {tekton-results} in the web console, because the web console failed to pass an authentication token to the {tekton-results} API. With this update, you can view information from {tekton-results} in the web console when authentication is enabled.

> * Before this update, when viewing information from {tekton-results} in the web console, if the information was displayed in multiple pages, some of the information was not displayed. With this update, information from {tekton-results} displays correctly on multiple pages in the web console.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Before this update, when viewing information from {tekton-results} in the web console, if user scrolled down to the bottom, the next set of records was not fetched, causing some of the information was not displayed. With this update, as user scroll down to the bottom, records from {tekton-results} load correctly, ensuring all information displays correctly in the web console.
```

> * Before this update, when viewing information from {tekton-results} in the web console, when you scrolled down to the end of a page, the console failed to fetch the next set of records and some of the information was not displayed. With this update, if you scroll to the end of the page, records from {tekton-results} load correctly and all information displays correctly in the web console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Before this update, when viewing information from {tekton-results} in the web console, if you scrolled down to the end of a page, the console failed to fetch the next set of records and some of the information was not displayed. With this update, if you scroll to the end of the page, records from {tekton-results} load correctly and all information displays correctly in the web console.
```
